Add test suite, supporting code, and docs through test-kitchen and kitchen-terraform (#7)
terraform-google-modules/terraform-google-lb-internal: README.md

directory (`terraform.tfvars.example` serves as an example), and run using `make`:

```bash
  make test_integration_docker
```

## Resources created

- [`google_compute_forwarding_rule.default`](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/google/r/compute_forwarding_rule.html):
  The internal regional forwarding rule.
- [`google_compute_region_backend_service.default`](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/google/r/compute_region_backend_service.html):
  The backend service registered to the given `instance_group`.
- [`google_compute_health_check.default`](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/google/r/compute_health_check.html):
  The TCP health check for the `instance_group` targets on the `service_port`.
- [`google_compute_firewall.default-ilb-fw`](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/google/r/compute_firewall.html):
  Firewall rule that allows traffic from the `source_tags` resources to `target_tags` on the `service_port`.
- [`google_compute_firewall.default-hc`](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/google/r/compute_firewall.html):
  Firewall rule that allows traffic for health checks to the `target_tags` resources.

> 

Author: The fix here was actually to use a stricter `[^]: (autogen_docs_start)` and `_end` in each README.md file. The python script was unhappy these lines didn't match the regex: `'(.*?\[\^\]\:\ \(autogen_docs_start\))(.*?)(\n\[\^\]\:\ \(autogen_docs_end\).*?$)'`

> 

Reviewer: That was my bad.

}
```

## Testing

This module comes packaged with tests with the goal of exercising the module in
various forms. In order to exercise them, you need the following:

1. A project in Google Cloud Platform.
2. An IAM user with credentials downloaded locally and set with the
  `GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS` environment variable.
3. The following roles attached to that IAM user:
    ```text
    roles/compute.networkAdmin
    roles/compute.loadBalancerAdmin
    ```
4. A workstation with `docker` installed and the daemon running.

> To run the tests, build a docker container using the following command:

Reviewer: These instructions are no longer accurate since the Dockerfiles have been removed.

Author: Ahh this was one change I'd made on the spinnaker effort that I hadn't ported back. Good catch!

```bash
  make docker_build_all
```

> Run the tests, populate `terraform.tfvars` within each fixture

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Populate the `terraform.tfvars` within each fixture directory based on the
```

Author: Reworded

> directory (`terraform.tfvars.example` serves as an example), and run using `make`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
collocated `terraform.tfvars.example` and then run the tests using the
following command:
```
